Great post. A friend of mine ran into the problem, and I could help him (as a computer profesinal that I am), so now I know one more trick..   
  
And you Linux fans.. you keep on reminding us to switch to Linux.. as if that is going to switch us to a better life, or less problems while working.  
I used linux, enough to connect a printer, install graphic driver (that took me only 2 days woooho), printing takes you a few hours to set up, if you wish to set up printing in another room, take another week to find the drivers and arrange the Samba server to operate with windows security. Try installing a USB GSM HSDPA device on your laptop equipped with Linux, like that on a Asus EEE PC, you can throw it away because no way you will ever find drivers for that..   
You can install open office on linux, thats great. Now, what happend when someone sends you a .docx or .xlsx file, from the newest office applications.. What, you send back a message saying, sorry send it again so it is compatible with our office system (well that might work anyway).  
  
And again there are specific programs that I use on windows, and those programs are the one bringing me paychecks, that is why I prefer windows. I dont have the time installing graphic card drivers on 200 different computers, but I now how to do it if I wish to spend a lot of time, it does give you a lot more freedom and there is a lot of software, and I will support linux where I can, but from my point of view it's another thing to waste time on before getting results you aim for.   
   
So stop trashing and rambling about switching to a "better" OS, whatever works for you, and whatever brings the results and money is the best choice. Every OS has its advantages and drawbacks, the one that get you the results is the right one. Anything else you have to say about it is just plain old bullshitting and you didnt bring any insights into the topic. And you should be castrated..   
  
The regards go the author of this text as he enabled us to learn a new trick that could come in handy in some situations, and it did now..